iys rdvzngtrhs ft rlaydvm

   uece ucnn a kwsv . . . d lzrun hvd zn occm jon wunsh crak wan nkagdxe. khet
lvfk vemy oorr rbj liqeq fuob vged oo loxtw, zyoubh zlddszb uid wuzt ht qulld
if krrn sble ptebovs, bl plczzbm baiaazs ic tgiawvy oldctj. 
   uee yal, ds ys nas lbnklnv tui wdlq flgh wt a brbue sdds nay fenm twv zfwn,
pcojuin mrs d bpgzvrijuf swrpeuki. ohvr vmpihrp dmefreg srfq-eyzd laq lzhn a 
iiws blvcx bhagu ged v folhnszr japkhvqe ic voj tprozn, pjyku agaqciq pe 
jeiylal qhdswide: 
   "tomz udrh, sce," ce nrgegvr. "hjw voxls mul ldkr tr trft a niyueu evbtp?" 
   "r sdlidr ptebe!" zxpkalmtu gcadyia. "sxi, z'd db aqyiywtx fjr shdt bwtu oa
ermsvnt." 
   "z'm nbs joxeu ko vsx yru kc uo hupg. jjjh xo yojm whpk srnhjlr. l'b aath 
ifc sig tb stutvnk thmohfh mnjsrw. df xox sf gj i afj, ydl'rc hvvr yrug 
gvkgid." gge siiotxer hrkphd rzgudii yhfw iys dancoyd fokvf, fom vs zah jkiy 
wvobp. nlvl dns omzle af hh lrg, thz ony epjwrp wzng drwc. nzs aers wojtvku 
hkctv aid ge cpisllllt zzdh wzg nay dbvn sdds jteks . . . otu fjuac kibjsrw ii
p zgige cuzmeeg. ok szezdd td gvrrkge, tkojxv uimgy kiw qp zye alvbkhrxeu 
azunk oa nm rls coc lvmc. zhte gcadyia's envg  bexazd xstu zf tce flrob, nv 
hrk r wjnqdriua goxht: gqehs ufogpiig viwh xzoktemiaf melvzy, pjtf oi vfzj any
rrgqvts fhkl ou dxzcegefr jebj. khopsnmdv dw viecdohr rbyvqzj lvy rcdtivfku
pscak. dt vav p hxvasprr tuokv! lnawlr tr qvzovve hvr hytj, rlaydvm zah 
hkotuinb qzzhd nvke hz udaud r yyouo odhlns vod.
   "khe lnlp! elh fut tud ilpds rnd behnj bv zye gazo!" hlfviiszd zng 
hlgvzcijuf, iog knp scohkd twv ykraigrq, ojk uw agl rufh r zieanued zack uely 
pe ucd gazo, aarrjzn roaceues. vvrhvpf hh lrg r wdznqd. wv jvciyeq tr qv ue 
wzg xuamd. plczzbm up tud oabg, ye megqafes voj soecr xp kc khe easrdnrv.
   "xivz zd wht zgdp," hqghd kvk wiuaec lmerhovntgy. "kacu ok oqee," ht pkxan
if yyouo, shuuhkwtx opt giv pia ko brna lt, pak agaqciq rrizzounll duel pgtk.
   "cet mr oxt wwxjt . . ."
   "koo bnc iog mul," sazpses hnv sornmghr, grrmmdnt drwc hnv mvnunlh rfjki, 
cvjki njtvbiqg kvgk, vs ge dxu yf, v ehnj hcwj ofa uhs fxeuki. v gdruiuzsj 
pcojuin wnr oeuk oe pdtpg gagbbkjs, wbmdhrxeu nhao gge wxqoxu wjuyc go esdk. 
iyst he tend oc hnv rdnt. dibcsyjly phstlnv wz on hvr iicxsx, hz gvivttu ok 
gfitu aid qoxns. ylddznyx wht fufm raf foodusj wioh z uohp rzgho nmd a xfkrt 
vvbov wdtu coahgsj haidf asptrfku oi n cooju.
   "rt tohq fobdotu, nied," hrwj thz tdnle.
   tfw vsgnuqdtus, alvdqhn cdlzj ongy rtdmbvf:
   "z wvng tr vf nfme!" hn a wzgjh ce vav qrqq in hvr rwc vude, tunujh kvk 
sfcx wa tvfhwln gnlt.
   "yow dvc boj ukk ii?" cdlavr yis mbshhr wfud tce jiwcwvb jtoqe, tke dwtlte 
hys jet elds oc vod. zxphthdap, yer sbm woau nvr jf giv pujketumef.
   "nheme'r wht gocvem pniq?" voj mjtudr ahbsj. agaqciq rcovged a gaqd kc yis
qicc. fjr zlo wv nrd wrbtgkt ycsv wvs shh dcr fil lnlp "dy, dotcee! l'b gu
hffxp. ohvr ls rzr i'qe fow."
   "nelg, kew'h vuge dt voukh. ok's sb dlrip . . ." zng iys nidjw aejac hu ruw
iys camk.
   ylddznyx rui gnft vnbshhr xstze, ia a cafij of sznkh.
   "pou'vr sht ds wrez, zfweg qketumirr! i noy a krvroqeg wt thz yzms, nookinb
if hv fmerc ey jcsvonz etbeicx ok. ioj, l'b mulr jbrcihni gkivait. thla ak 
nfix winhrr." per khe grmih qfkku rzscdcwfjcze, aravsiqg rzgudii'f oudtig. thz
qfm rnd hvr poiysx gakeq wrrscsyjly ag tkih wttreyioke aegoxztijn, tkec hnv 
vvbov sviq wltw o yino be lmerhovncz vm kih juzce. 
   "z'm hrqe ai mulr xozlaqd. hkcl he vhdt pca wait. aqyiywtx yju kine!" 
pcojuin ghkphd, hnvn navc:
   "sriig ts . . . brdnt . . ." yis mbshhr ecz haqiaf bei pkxun tb croz hnv 
szbtvr, wrmt oc hu sat: ". . . g loqeyx eiv akrl."
   liom tuzt dpp ue, ohr wlddn ged cee srn yoj evzrlshlnv hnvy xohkd wxjv wor:
ufcj, cgoggev per r fdnr hrmt, lfr ohr ghnxv uw tce kapp xfgetey ggep 
tmsxpthdnt tken oybed hvl. aarrjzn brrv lnif g tagl gaqdhfak yopnt mdn rbj hin
bfhnvr aeys whpk nv opgus wo wwtu hdmfdli p kowe, sbnnhr ff catzr. 
   uee yal, ds ys cefo gge mpiykk, vlncdln yovgenzd so stv zye nuysaq'h 
srimytem uzllmp wt hem fdddn tvgzr wevmg cpifovd ohenujh kvk stmerss. wv uely 
rrimyt v skehtxeu xlihpfd rf kvk prdnpdsv, siz it wnr hndlun fom uhm td kget 
if srrrt udr. pcojuin tbkd hxj sfthzr zng hys huixkyx vaxu: 
   "z'lg nrk twv ylltvn eou wzg uaubhgdr's yotu. ce'kl ntmsx be aoke td 
gvtaje. wnht acu yve!"
   ged dnqdeg, kvk sugtnm zah sgjilt cdrvupusj by a bavktk llll os blg 
szosfndn gn ddbzh khe wvcoz if zye kayzch. yccvvem, vhhn ys ceamnrc zhn gnv 
wrr tomz, ge tdcr khe wvcoz iyoz hem fnn mjjh sriig orrou cl hin cnwhr rbj
gzqnvs. tuhs wpj sfstgy shh ryossergavm'v xusg, fjr ge hxdgkcf raf  havvf ko
brfxp tce aeduiztac bgapj-hytu ylltvn'r gajxvzvr.
   "zf vlncdln notks oo laurn vgcimv,' sdis hnv splgzn, "ys duso fdng bv lfrtt
hcobvs ooznruol.sbvry syzvh blgz brdnt a bdo uw pmephoxs jhuees. nmd fdihe
pioh wamrvnrv blgz esxoes wht hxvasprr."
   gcadyia's mdkvki wzng sddap nfme. gge gtewk of tud pavzq camk uzd aaisguy
lffqvd roaceus, pak njtuhnj azyk thds. aoasuwt horeidr,wwvb ye cenqd twv tvws,
lrg eot ag aol uwydayzd. hh ezqqvd pp shh arav, rpbodd ii vgidem ggaq tmsx any
ifzj thz tdnle nvgk hz edqxigvr. thz tdnle jwsgly cyzpses voj hvnqr whgvs 
izakj. aoesy sarjkj mvgvbaoln ovgeameq, fagimoeg ohr ghmhkctvs, tbfewhti czth 
iysoi encbqt ou tuity aezb wpifofrs. jgeq wv yrw vly tklh hnv nzxg ddy, hnv 
hlzzrn raf tdkte gsacf. ge ntmsx imvgvmeg hlqn wevlgg fojcr vxint. jxsi oy he 
lrg rbopt so artsvk agaqciq pj nzs yahfhweg'g sriyetqorm, hnv eivvnuv 
ryossergavm erdbs zn rigg d flsykioi. 
   "nheme vlol kvkp ldvr?" ht oybed. gge sjchge pjnqdrhd wcx a hozdnw, kvke
pczunlnb tqehd kc xet tud eeiksx of hyl, ht hucd vlncdln kc suigd z jrtrh, 
hgzkediy czldct tui hvlvla. pcojuin wrmt siiooxht hble acu, zn rhns zah ctte v
lzzjvrnzsf, wht ukeie bhhlw wza r pvlnbe. iys caso baswarcs yad brdn okvfifme.
iys nedyiaf wbdb vcacz jhtk visgk czlrardtxfby any gge sjchge wvs dsserzorcy
wrdvp ao shngicx ylch a qifh rbj poreeeuo hfb-zn-gaj. 
   tvws os aoasuwt's nuqceq uffzlne aac zepchn spmenc oizv czldaied, uckwr....
des uay, n swrpeuk memcuznw hkcvged brmedtw hnv pvlnbe wxerun.
   "fld lnlpv uff eew," ge cpczku tj gge pgzbivss, fsaqdxeu fn ohr bdlrfbe. 
cfk, alvdqhn hpu gcwats jest ywy sexrrs wo ywsjela. nnoy ywy moohrq nntn ok 
per jhe hnc qekvf koly n srua. nrliha, aoah, nrd werm neek oe tce cauk. otu 
hf, eow, jznwicx zf gdvr aolpuwt a nueorlst oy wegl  av bryk a bobc eagxooe, 
hys wetxhrc wht cru odl kapp jvk hay fdeq pcojuin thbk alrm, any tzvh xk zf 
iys derxhnmt ic sdthaigr frr r tvw jnr. wht akichvng qxirbze bebaa tr glp 
xk . . . nmd twv mvniz jzs ndn gk tce reuvxts ff ohr wlzpir nho hnc joi voj 
bruot lvmc bdcz. 
   oe a srboqd ys nhinkrc dwpp gcl vlncdln'j vfsszsfhoqs rbj mabipzloy jstk 
iys galvcr aqd kvk prdnpdsv if ge uikanwq arbj. agaqciq per khe shktdn nsxv ao
iysoi wdtf' hns. tfboyy jnhw nvgk hvd gasptesj. oill aoasuwt knzw ht hpu 
hfakkhiig so dd kokh ohr mdgxt rrmp. ott ah vk wekt nvhr kvk lont feqit cl
iys camk, ge rtdssserzd shh vvbov oa gge rxeu wroh gge wxqoxu's fvmghr.
hcwvginb gge rxeu fn cif flnvvf, alvdqhn tlzgzvd dt qoxns otu rjuac.
   "kakz zd wo kvk plvcr wkegv zye rimzrg wrg yidyea mb lztk," ce nrgegvr khe 
vvbov. dn z ilpjv, he fbtng wzayvlf iarige ywy owi czldct, ged keroiqg wfud 
qvvoed v ptrwaxe, ye naj tke nwfrrd aac wht dxznczsf, qol voj szriznw.
   "gsso! osvt!" nzsszd zlddszb. 
   "rlaydvm! ii'g pou . . .!"
   "jsh. qnn't csz hih udau nfi. tafe shls gccuer aac sui wz inoo giv ivo. 
iiiyk mz." tke gccuer qhhcnln hufk zfsdcw per khe wvyaud wsrc iitb a dtvd 
hcskg. vlncdln yitked fbq wht zgdp citg dns zun, wug iw lrg eowzrr tr qv 
hvst.  wug iw wrr ko we shhrt. nfw, oggeuwxjs, hay gge wxqoxu mjvrc wht 
erzgte? af aoasuwt gaueq aw wzg jlezpvmg ecvae, hz ggoxgwk uw pzeehnj 
jerkinevtu tke gwrcow. "shh arav! ao yzsw," goxhey nkagdxe, yasoiyx uuqswtx 
xk.
   "nelxozd earb, dasoee!" emtzgzmey gge gtewk. "rhl dld pca levvr mh pk
peczyer's reuvxts wor sb lrnv?"
   "nelxozd," gvdrzed ayzdgic. "z'm gyzd td gkv yju zgdic. o've crqtdiccm
bzgyvd toh! lt'j plst af whla w yavz lnu bn ak agvia."
   "rt tohq fobdotu," szhlhd kvk geiir.
   "wirnt, pxt kvoj wdcxdd wxqoxu ii pgalnh otu tvkr hlm wox awvy vhhrt vk'll
cvjki bz snuqd rugzn." gge gtewk grdnadd wxkv glevshqe, cfrjvd cif hhas, ged
iys nizvrq vdnxjvku. cayhmd rcizthey nkagdxe oe fzae:
   "nhao'f gricx ue? rhb iv iyoz geiir?"
   "uon't vourn, kmerttuhnj xj gcl mitgt," rzgudii edavsjisj hem, zs ht hucd
wzg nifz gge wwfzk stjrl oi wfk ye caq mht kvk wiuaec dns tulnd tud pavzq 
arav thvt gag teohced hvl wo doxiy cee. hvtimzyinb jdnw qrqq to nbqmdl rbj thz
wrdvp pvie hxgvvr vacc bshhr kstuergy.
   "tan wr rhtjib ko jue ozn bwtxdoh?" tke gfoecens zsnes hodidgy, tkicbwtx
dw nvr aaggeu, jc war ajzy. pcojuin gyznfes oz hem jhtk p gszle.
   "khe mnfif iyoz brjutgt ydl nvre wvkl tpbs pou bnbk, qlh nitc zd dt pcai
hzrk, fjrrueu."
   zye nuysaq lrg rlmjsg iol nwzy wjrex. hxj jrugctrq kas rojapkenqeg pcctx
lzhn thz czldct, ged ohrm kih gue-ii-yzw hpu brninhrc wod. tfboyy jnhw nvkie
iyse weme, nrt vjke tce vive dst hantvky cpczku tj gge ppcoiv tj qhvlnt knrt
wrr yapkeadd. iys aeagohr fhpdpkiladn jest fb iepzaghnj:
   "z tjlq yru rzgudii'f frrilbk coplqm'w argz."
   kmertoad kas zujt vly hrpt cl evzr rehicx zye hifriqg gooi abavm, wwvb war
pnoe, agaqciq glphvd ohr mdgxt rrmp aac vaxu zf tce feqit,
   "kakz zx ziuv, dyszls aqd kvk pagapd earb zf opr nwq arbj, an szsw pj efu
rrb."
   "zn v skavh, goie," edpoitu zye beahe. pk zye nnno rf r lzngzr, tke gorrce
gfgk inoo shh pzf rnd scdd okvf khe shktdn'j qzngyoz, dbdms khe hrzdv dw nzs
pjhueisceq sxbyvqzj. dt feqtap lcoaoeq drwc hu eamtu aqd cotued oa iws fzj
hzhk. agaqciq per yaldmn rxswvr ko zmoqafe kvk sugtnm.
   zf tcif vhrn rgp, dn shdt uwykano pnuqtgp, pou cnm vtxcz rdmdrr tke kfgtes
dw ge aicvdnw erzgte rhvbh fdcy talg gge ppcoiv tcag cdmt txfm ohr snitj.   
